Draft/product-reframing (#209)
codesandbox/docs: packages/projects-docs/pages/learn/editors/overview.mdx

> Any project running in a cloud web editor may also be run in VS Code. Work from your local environment with your own configurations and shortcuts whilst remaining connected to the CodeSandbox development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any project running in a Devbox may also be run in VS Code. Work from your local environment with your own configurations and shortcuts whilst remaining connected to the CodeSandbox development environment.
```

> **Install the CodeSandbox Projects VS Code extension and open any branch or Devbox directly in your VS Code editor.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Install the CodeSandbox VS Code extension and open any branch or Devbox directly in your VS Code editor.** 
```
